# O'Neillo Game
The O'Neillo game is a Windows Forms application that has been programmed in C#. The application is a 2-player game that has been created based on the logic of the game 'Othello'. The application allows the user to set player names, play the game, save and restore game states, and also includes a speak function for accessibility. Alongside this, the application contains more basic features such as starting a new game, an exit option, choosing whether to hide the information panel, and viewing an 'About' page for more information about the game. All methods and classes have been given comments for ease of understanding the back-end.

The application contains 5 .cs files, 3 of which contain the code for the 3 forms which make up the application, 1 which contains the code for a SaveGame object and the final one contains the majority of the code for instantiating the game board and the game board's methods. FrmGame will run first and for the majority of run-time, it contains the main game board, plus the options to start the game, set the player names, a menu strip to navigate to the about page and save or restore game states, plus start a new game and exit. FrmGameFileName will only be relevant to the user when they are saving a game state as this is where they will enter the name under which to save the game and the other form is the about page, which displays when the user navigates to it via the 'About' sub-menu option on 'Help'.

O'Neillo is written with an object-oriented approach and uses a 2-dimensional array in order to create, manipulate and display the game board. The application also uses the NewtonSoft.Json nuget for serialization and deserialization of saved game states, plus the System.Speech nuget in order to give users the option to have the moves and who they are made by read out, improving the accessibility of the game and therefore appealing to a wider audience and tailoring to their needs.

The application can be run by accessing it via Visual Studio and using the start option in this or as an isolated application through the application file within the 'Debug' folder of this project.
Link to the public GitHub repository: https://github.com/eshaal-khan/O-Neillo

